---
title: Wrapping Up Phase 2
phase: 2
layout: daily_post
published: true
---

# Shipping Flashcards

Flashcards should be shipped by **2:00 pm ET on Wednesday, November 22**. You should have a working application that meets the requirements in the project description.

### The README

Each project should have a README.md (you can delete the one that had the project requirements in it) that should include:

1. A brief description of the project
2. A section for each developer on the team that includes:
    - A list of skills you practiced on this project
    - Key takeaways from the project that will help you in the future
    - Any notable challenges you faced and how you overcame them
3. A brief high-level roadmap for what you would do next on this project if you continued to work on it. This could include new features, refactoring, or bug fixes. 

Note that for bullet 2 there will be two sections, one for each developer. Each developer should write their own section.

👉 Please make sure that the README is also pushed to GitHub by the deadline.

Check out the resources for learning [Markdown]. Also note that all the pages in the repo for this course site are written in [Markdown], so you can look at the source for any of them to see how to do something. M files end in `.md`.

## ✅ Getting Ready for Phase 3

We will be starting Phase 3 on Monday, November 27, at 9:30 am ET in our regular Zoom. If you have time before then, here are some good ways to be ready for the next phase:

- Read [this overview of what Web Applications are](https://www.robinwieruch.de/web-applications/) for essential context, through "Frontend and Backend". You don't have to read from "Microservices" on, although go ahead if you want to; it is not relevant to what we're doing in Phase 3 but it's good stuff to know about.
    - Answer [these questions about Web Applications to check your understanding](https://forms.gle/k5yJ3aGWLzHkvXqP9)
- Complete this [Goals Reflection exercise]({% link goals_reflection.md %}) to re-energize for what's ahead and focus on what you want to accomplish.
    - Reflect on where you are in this program. You've learned a lot and you have a lot left to learn. What are YOUR goals?
    - Post a tip from your CONTINUE list, or a request for advice for something that you've been struggling with to our team Slack channel.
- **Create a schedule** that you can stick to for the times you will not be meeting with the team. See the [time management][time] references for some suggestions on managing your time effectively.
- Learn [Markdown]
- Pick a [note-taking] application that will let you take notes while you read and work.

{% include reference_links.md %}
